Source: Telegram Channel Post
Channel: @alisher_sadullaev
Post ID: 130
Date: 2018-03-12T06:40:33+00:00
Language: en
URL: https://t.me/alisher_sadullaev/130
Views: 441

Attention❗️❗️❗️

Dear ladies and gentlemen, so as to answer to FAQs raised by many school leaders and leaders of the Youth Union we dedicate this project and explicitly elaborate on it. Let's get down the business!

First of all, what are the means of communication with those school children studying in rural areas? What are the ways to encourage them to obtain a high-quality education and regularly inspire them? What are the measures to be taken towards inducing both teachers and school children constantly develop themselves professionally and personally?

To answer the questions we decided to reminisce moments of ours when we used to be school children as well. Precisely, the Ministry of Public Education with the purpose of stimulating granted school children through conducting webinars would love to deliver them the message that not only on a basis of the marking system but also based on their talents and potentials they can be involved in a straight-A student's groups. We do believe no matter of distance and place of residence all kids and children can demonstrate their talents to the officials by different means of communications, and holding webinars serve as one of those tools. Having been motivated and inspired we created a platform for exchanging ideas and sharing knowledge. Starting from March of this year we launched a new project to hold regular webinars for the teachers and school children known also as a distance learning, which in its turn will definitely stimulate them to become initiative, socially active and most importantly to be the leaders of our nation!

By kick off the mechanism of conducting webinars, we would love to inform you that it provides an opportunity to share our experience and knowledge with more than 1,000 teachers and young learners at a single time. We are also putting on the agenda topics concerning social projects, innovative and creative methods of education and many other projects together with 5,000 teachers and school children and approximately what 600 Youth Leaders.

Via these links, you may contact us and share your thoughts and ideas.

https://www.facebook.com/yoshlaruchun/

https://t.me/joinchat/AAAAAEZ9smBunj73nTEgOQ
