Source: Telegram Channel Post
Channel: @alisher_sadullaev
Post ID: 1066
Date: 2020-03-03T07:15:36+00:00
Language: en
URL: https://t.me/alisher_sadullaev/1066
Views: 241

A good part of the day distinguished Youth of Uzbekistan. We are honored to inform you that finally you have a tremendous chance to be a part of the first and only Official National Debate Association in Uzbekistan! Once you see this post never miss one of the biggest chances you have in your life!

NDA is formed with the aims of building communities with political identity or who own identity like a debater and to aid those communities to gain global recognition in various worldwide debate tournaments.

By being part of NDA you will be able to develop sound and logical arguments, to demonstrate your initiative and leadership, to learn official debate lessons and debate formats from professional teachers, to get a chance to meet with influential people from all over the world and to take part in worldwide debate tournaments.

If you do not want to miss your chance register now with the link provided below! Upon your registration you will receive an email with the link to video interview. Complete the video interview and send an essay on the topic of "Is Technology limiting creativity?"
to ndauzbekistan@gmail.com

Upon your acceptance we will send you an email and inform you further about details!

For good ideas and true ideas, you need human interaction, conflict, argument-debate!

Hope to see you in NDA Club Assemblies soon. my.vcv.ai/r/NDA (http://my.vcv.ai/r/NDA)
